Added content about deployment modes (#1357)
neo4j/neo4j-browser: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/deployment-modes.adoc

Python3 `http.server`::
Is a simple http server that is bundled with Python 3. Do not use in production environment. +
https://docs.python.org/3/library/http.server.html
[source, shell]
----
python -m http.server --directory neo4j-browser/ 8080
----

Node.js `http-server`::
Is a simple, zero-configuration command-line http server. +
https://www.npmjs.com/package/http-server
[source, shell]
----
npx http-server -p 8080 neo4j-browser/
----

Node.js `serve`::
Is a simple http server that is ideal for serving a static site, single page application or just a static file. +
https://www.npmjs.com/package/serve
[source, shell]
----
npx serve -l 8080 neo4j-browser/
----

[TIP]
====
HTTP servers suitable for production use:

* Nginx -- is a web server that can also be used as a reverse proxy and a load balancer.
* Apache HTTP Server.
* Internet Information Services (IIS).
====

=== Get pre build and run web server

You can download Neo4j Browser from Maven (link:https://search.maven.org/artifact/org.neo4j.client/neo4j-browser[`https://search.maven.org/artifact/org.neo4j.client/neo4j-browser`]) and serve the web application with a HTTP server.

.Get pre build and run web server
====

> **1. Download Neo4j Browser.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Download Neo4j Browser from Maven.
```

> Download Neo4j Browser from Maven:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
```

[source, shell, subs="attributes+"]
----
wget https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/org/neo4j/client/neo4j-browser/{neo4j-browser-version}/neo4j-browser-{neo4j-browser-version}.jar
----

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
```

> Or manually go to link:https://search.maven.org/artifact/org.neo4j.client/neo4j-browser[`https://search.maven.org/artifact/org.neo4j.client/neo4j-browser`] and download Neo4j Browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, go to link:https://search.maven.org/artifact/org.neo4j.client/neo4j-browser[`https://search.maven.org/artifact/org.neo4j.client/neo4j-browser`] and download Neo4j Browser.
```

> **2. Unzip the .jar file.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Unzip the .jar file.
```

> Unzip the `.jar` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
```

[source, shell, subs="attributes+"]
----
unzip neo4j-browser-{neo4j-browser-version}.jar
----

> **3. Host web application with a HTTP server.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Host a web application with an HTTP server.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
```

Start a web server (in this example you will start a web server with Python 3) to serve the content:

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
```

[source, shell]
----
python -m http.server --directory browser/ 8080
----

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
```

> Point your web browser to `http://localhost:8080`.

Reviewer: Again the link formatting. We have to decide how we format the links and make the documentation consistent.

> Point your web browser to `http://localhost:8080`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Point your web browser to `http://localhost:8080`.
```

> **4. Test connecting to a Neo4j database instance.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Test the connection to a Neo4j database instance.
```

> Start a Neo4j database instance to test for connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> If you have the Neo4j tarball you can start the database instance with the command (assuming that the CWD is _<neo4j-home>_):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
If you have the Neo4j tarball, you can start a database instance with the following command (assuming that the CWD is _<neo4j-home>_):
```
What does "CWD" stand for?

Author: current working directory

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
```

[source, shell]
----
bin/neo4j start
----

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
```

> In Neo4j Browser connect to the Neo4j database instance with the URI:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Neo4j Browser, connect to the Neo4j database instance with the  Neo4j Browser URI:
```

[source, role=noheader]
----
neo4j://localhost:7687
----
====

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
```

> See xref:operations#create-dbms-connection[Create a DBMS connection] for more details how to setup a connection to Neo4j in Neo4j Browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details on how to set up a connection to Neo4j in Neo4j Browser, see xref:operations#create-dbms-connection[Create a DBMS connection].
```

> === Build and run web server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[[build-web-server]]
=== Build and run a web server
```

You can build the source code and run Neo4j Browser.

The source code can be found at link:https://github.com/neo4j/neo4j-browser[https://github.com/neo4j/neo4j-browser].

> .Build and run web server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Build and run a web server
```

====

> **1. Get the source code.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Get the source code.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
```

> Clone the Neo4j Browser git repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Clone the Neo4j Browser Git repository. +
```

> The command will only get the `master` branch to save bandwidth and file space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command gets only the `master` branch to save bandwidth and file space.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
```

[source, shell]
----
git clone --single-branch --branch=master https://github.com/neo4j/neo4j-browser/
----

> Change the current working directory to the root of the git repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Change the current working directory to the root of the Git repository.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
```

[source, shell]
----
cd neo4j-browser
----

> **2. Build with Node.js**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Build with Node.js.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
```

> Install Node.js dependencies:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Install Node.js dependencies:
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
```

[source, shell]
----
npm install
----

> Build the project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Build the project.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
```

[source, shell]
----
npm build
----

> **3. Host web application with a HTTP server.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Host web application with an HTTP server.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
```

> Start a web server (in this example you will start a web server with Python 3) to serve the content:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Start a web server to serve the content.
In this example, you start a web server with Python 3.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
```

[source, shell]
----
python -m http.server --directory dist/ 8080
----

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
```

> Point your web browser to `http://localhost:8080`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Point your web browser to `http://localhost:8080`.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
```

> See xref:operations#create-dbms-connection[Create a DBMS connection] for details how to setup a connection to Neo4j in Neo4j Browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details on how to set up a connection to Neo4j in Neo4j Browser, see xref:operations#create-dbms-connection[Create a DBMS connection].
```

Download Neo4j Browser from link:https://search.maven.org/artifact/org.neo4j.client/neo4j-browser[Maven].

Here are some use cases why this deployment mode could be usefull.

Neo4j Browser local hosted::
This case is valid if you have access to a Neo4j instance and dont want to install Neo4j Desktop or dont want to use a hosted Neo4j Browser web application.
It is a simple sollution, start a local hosted Neo4j Browser web application on your machine with a simple one-line command.
Also it is easy to run a specific version of Neo4j Browser, download the preffered version from link:https://search.maven.org/artifact/org.neo4j.client/neo4j-browser[Maven].

Neo4j Browser deployed web application::
If you want to have specific network configurations within you network and host Neo4j Browser for quick access within your organization, you can host Neo4j Browser with a HTTP web server.
This allows for full control of configuring the HTTP web server as needed, for example you way want to add a layer of access control to access the Neo4j Browser web application and configure the HTTP web server connection to use TLS.

Extend or improve the source code::

> Neo4j Browser is open source (GNU General Public License v3.0) and the source code can be found at link:https://github.com/neo4j/neo4j-browser[_https://github.com/neo4j/neo4j-browser_].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Neo4j Browser is open source (GNU General Public License v3.0), and the source code can be found at link:https://github.com/neo4j/neo4j-browser[_https://github.com/neo4j/neo4j-browser_].
```

> If you want to extend or contribute to the project you can alter the code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to extend or contribute to the project, you can alter the code.
```

> This allows you to run an altered version of Neo4j Browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows you to run a modified version of Neo4j Browser.
```

[TIP]
====
If you have installed Neo4j on your system, then disable the browser module (`BROWSER`) from running. +
For more information, see link:https://neo4j.com/docs/operations-manual/current/reference/configuration-settings/#config_dbms.http_enabled_modules[dbms.http_enabled_modules] configuration setting.
====

[[http-web-servers]]
=== HTTP web servers

Here is a list of suggestions for simple HTTP web servers that can be used to host Neo4j Browser.

Python3 -- `http.server`::
A simple HTTP server that is bundled with Python 3. Do not use in production environment.
+
[source, shell]
----
python -m http.server --directory neo4j-browser/ 8080
----
+
For more information, see link:https://docs.python.org/3/library/http.server.html[_https://docs.python.org/3/library/http.server.html_].

Node.js -- `http-server`::
A simple, zero-configuration command-line HTTP server.
+
[source, shell]
----
npx http-server -p 8080 neo4j-browser/
----
+
For more information, see link:https://www.npmjs.com/package/http-server[_https://www.npmjs.com/package/http-server_].

Node.js -- `serve`::

> A simple HTTP server that is ideal for serving a static site, single page application or just a static file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A simple HTTP server is ideal for serving a static site, single page application, or just a static file.
```

+
[source, shell]
----
npx serve -l 8080 neo4j-browser/
----
+
For more information, see link:https://www.npmjs.com/package/serve[_https://www.npmjs.com/package/serve_].

[TIP]
====
HTTP servers suitable for production use:

Nginx::
A web server that can also be used as a reverse proxy and a load balancer. +
For more information, see link:https://www.nginx.com/[_https://www.nginx.com/_].

Apache HTTP Server::
For more information, see link:https://httpd.apache.org/[_https://httpd.apache.org/_].

Internet Information Services (IIS)::
For more information, see link:https://www.iis.net/[_https://www.iis.net/_].
====

> [[pre-build-neo4j-browser]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[[pre-built-neo4j-browser]]
```

> === Pre-build Neo4j Browser

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Pre-built Neo4j Browser
```

You can download Neo4j Browser from Maven (link:https://search.maven.org/artifact/org.neo4j.client/neo4j-browser[_https://search.maven.org/artifact/org.neo4j.client/neo4j-browser_]) and serve the web application with an HTTP server.

> .Get pre-build Neo4j Browser and run an HTTP web server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Get pre-built Neo4j Browser and run an HTTP web server
```

====

. **Download Neo4j Browser from Maven.**
+
[source, shell, subs="attributes+"]
----
wget https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/org/neo4j/client/neo4j-browser/{neo4j-browser-version}/neo4j-browser-{neo4j-browser-version}.jar
----
+
Alternatively, manually go to link:https://search.maven.org/artifact/org.neo4j.client/neo4j-browser[_https://search.maven.org/artifact/org.neo4j.client/neo4j-browser_] and download Neo4j Browser.
+
. **Unzip the .jar file.**
+
[source, shell, subs="attributes+"]
----
unzip neo4j-browser-{neo4j-browser-version}.jar
----
+
. **Host Neo4j Browser with an HTTP server.**
+
Start a web server to serve the content.

> In this example you start a web server with Python 3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, you start a web server with Python 3.
```

+
[source, shell]
----
python -m http.server --directory browser/ 8080
----
+
Point your web browser to link:http://localhost:8080[_http://localhost:8080_].
+
. **Test the connection to a Neo4j database instance.**
+

> If you have the Neo4j tarball you can start the database instance with the command (assuming that the current working directory is _<neo4j-home>_):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have the Neo4j tarball, you can start the database instance with the command (assuming that the current working directory is _<neo4j-home>_):
```
